fix: update index.md (#635)
lee-to/moonshine-doc: en/model-resource/index.md

## Buttons

By default, the index page of the resource model contains only a button for creation.

> The `actions()` method allows you to add additional [buttons](/docs/{{version}}/model-resource/buttons).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `actions()` method allows you to add additional [buttons](/docs/{{version}}/components/action-button).
```
